OSDOCS-12435: z-stream release notes for 4.16.19 (#84240)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

* Previously, in managed services, audit logs are sent to a local webhook service. Control plane deployments sent traffic through `konnectivity` and attempted to send the audit webhook traffic through the `konnectivity` proxies - `openshift-apiserver` and `oauth-openshift`.  With this release, the audit-webhook is in the list of no_proxy hosts for the affected pods, and the audit log traffic that is sent to the audit-webhook is successfully sent. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43046[*OCPBUGS-43046*])

* Previously, when you used the Agent-based Installer to install a cluster, the `assisted-installer-controller` timed out of the installation process, depending on whether `assisted-service` was unavailable on the rendezvous host. This event caused the cluster installation to fail during CSR approval checks. With this release, an update to `assisted-installer-controller` ensures that the controller does not time out if the `assisted-service` is unavailable. The CSR approval check now works as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42710[*OCPBUGS-42710*])

> * Previously, the IBM cloud controller manager (CCM) was reconfigured to use loopback as the bind address in 4.16. The liveness probe was not configured to use loopback, so the CCM constantly failed the liveness probe and continuously restarted. With this release, the IBM CCM liveness probe is configured to use the loopback for the request host. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42125[*OCPBUGS-42125*])

Reviewer: Attributes exist for IBM. I suggest the R symbol one, as IBM requested this at one stage.

![Screenshot from 2024-10-30 14-00-54](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d3fcaedb-7ab9-4a40-ab9c-832bc7462027)

> * Previously, the IBM cloud controller manager (CCM) was reconfigured to use loopback as the bind address in 4.16. The liveness probe was not configured to use loopback, so the CCM constantly failed the liveness probe and continuously restarted. With this release, the IBM CCM liveness probe is configured to use the loopback for the request host. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42125[*OCPBUGS-42125*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the IBM cloud controller manager (CCM) was reconfigured to use loopback as the bind address in {product-title} {product-version}. The liveness probe was not configured to use loopback, so the CCM constantly failed the liveness probe and continuously restarted. With this release, the IBM CCM liveness probe is configured to use the loopback for the request host. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42125[*OCPBUGS-42125*])
```

Reviewer: The Jira does not have this note in its Release Note Text field. Consider adding it and then also updating the Release Note Status field to "Done".

* Previously, the Messaging Application Programming Interface (MAPI) for {ibm-cloud-title} currently only checks the first group of subnets (50) when searching for subnet details by name. With this release, the search provides pagination support to search all subnets. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36698[*OCPBUGS-36698*])

> 

Reviewer: Include the following statement to round off this z-stream entry:

![Screenshot from 2024-10-30 14-04-34](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/73929ea4-b8dc-484a-8a22-80dd2008dcd8)

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

// 4.16.19
[id="ocp-4-16-19_{context}"]

> === RHSA-2024:8415 - {product-title} {product-version}.19 bug fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== RHSA-2024:8415 - {product-title} {product-version}.19 bug fix and security update
```

Issued: 30 October 2024

> {product-title} release {product-version}.19 is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:8260[RHSA-2024:8260] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:8263[RHSA-2024:8263] advisory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} release {product-version}.19 is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:8415[RHSA-2024:8415] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:8418[RHSA-2024:8418] advisory.
```
